There you are.
The sea snake is going to die.
isnthe?
- Luke...
- I can't be lord of the tides.
Grandsire was the greatest sailor
who ever lived.
I get greensick before the ship
even leaves the harbor.
I'll just ruin everything.
I don't want driftmark.
It should've passed on to servaemond.
We don't choose our destiny. Luke.
It chooses us.
Grandsire let you choose
whether you'd be his heir.
You told us so.
And do you want
to know the truth of it?
I was frightened.
I was four-and-ten.
Same as you are now.
I wasn't ready
to be queen of the seven kingdoms.
But it was my duty.
And. in time. I came to understand
I had to earn my inheritance.
I'm not like you.
- In what way. sweet boy?
- I'm not so...
Perfect.
I am anything but.
My father looked after me
and helped to prepare me for my duties.
Your mother will do the same for you.
Good morrow. Princess.
Good morrow. ser lorent.
Princess rhaenys
has just arrived on dragonback.
She urgently requests an audience
with you and prince daemon.
The Princess rhaenys Targaryen.
Thank you. ser lorent.
Princess rhaenys.
might we hope for news
of lord corlys's recovery?
Viserys is dead.
I grieve this loss
with you. rhaenyra.
My cousin. your father...
Possessed a kind heart.
There is more.
Aegon has been crowned as his successor.
They crowned him?
How did viserys die?
I could not say.
- How long ago?
- A day past. perhaps two.
I was made a prisoner in my quarters
while the queen made her preparations.
Viserys has been slain.
Alicent demanded you declare for aegon.
She did.
- I refused her.
- And yet you are alive.
The high septon crowned aegon...
In the dragonpit.
I witnessed it myself
just before I fled on meleys.
They crowned him before the masses.
So that the masses
would see him as their rightful king.
That whore of a queen murdered
my brother and stole his throne.
And you could have
burned them all for it.
A war is like to be fought
over this treachery. to be sure.
Hmm.
But that war is not mine to begin.
I only rushed this warning to you
out of loyalty to my husband
and to my house.
The Greens are coming for you. rhaenyra.
And for your children.
You should leave dragonstone at once.
The babe is coming.
Her term is far from complete.
This should not be happening.
It is fucking happening.
Keep your head about you.
Princess. Come.
We've done this
five times before.
Keep your spirit.
and the sixth will be no different.
Get off. get off.
get off. get off!
Ow. ow. ow.
I want patrols along
the island's perimeter.
looking for any small ships
that might set ashore.
If the Greens attack now.
it will be by stealth...
Not directly.
We don't have enough men
to surround the island.
but we can make ourselves
appear stronger than they are.
Conscript the dragonkeepers.
They're capable fighters.
- Waste no time.
- It will be done. my prince.
- What was that?
- I'm sorry.
You might go easier
on him. my prince.
so he can learn what
you're trying to teach.
Your lady mother
needs to see you!
Both of you.
Mother?
Fuck.
Princess.
Your grandsire. king viserys.
has passed.
Viserys?
The Greens have
repudiated the succession
and claimed the iron throne.
Aegon has been crowned king.
- What is to be done about it?
- Nothing yet.
- And where is daemon?
- I don't know.
Gone to madness.
Gone to plot his war.
- Leave daemon with me.
- Jace.
Jacaerys.
Whatever claim remains to me.
you are now its heir.
Naught is to be done but by my command.
A raven flew in this morning.
The sea snake's fever has broken.
and he has left evenfall.
- Where is he sailing?
- That much is unclear. my prince.
We'll send ravens to our nearest allies.
lords darklyn. massey...
- And bar emmon.
- Daemon!
Do you want to speak
to the maester. my prince?
I'll fly
to the riverlands myself
and affirm lord Tully's support.
You will do no such thing.
My mother has decreed no action be taken
while she's Abed.
It's good you're here. young prince.
You're needed to patrol
the skies on vermax.
Did you hear what I said?
The ravens. lord bartimos.
I shall see it done.
Summon ser steffon.
Our kingsguard are needed
on the dragonmont.
Come with me. I'll show you
the true meaning of loyalty.
You swore an oath
as knights of the kingsguard.
As do all who wear
the white cloak. my prince.
To whom?
I swore first to king jaehaerys.
my prince.
And then to his grace.
king viserys. when he succeeded him.
Do you acknowledge
the true line of succession?
- Yes.
- Yes. my prince.
Do you recall
who king viserys named
as his heir before his death?
Princess rhaenyra.
Hmm.
I'm grateful for
your long service to the crown
so I'm presenting you with a choice.
Swear anew your oath
to rhaenyra as your queen...
To prince jacaerys as the heir
to the iron throne.
Or...
If you support the usurper.
speak it now...
And you will have
a clean and honorable death.
But if you choose treachery.
if you swear fealty now
only to later turn your cloaks...
Know that you will die... screaming.
Princess. let us help you.
No.
- Get out!
- Princess. please.
- Get out.
- You should not do this alone. Princess.
Let us help you.
Ah!
I mean no harm. brothers.
I swear to ward the queen...
With all my strength...
And give my blood for hers.
I shall take no wife...
Hold no lands...
Father no children.
I shall guard her secrets...
Obey her commands...
Ride at her side. and defend her name
and honor.
My queen.
Queen rhaenyra Targaryen.
first of her name.
queen of the andals and the rhoynar
and the first men.
Lady of the seven kingdoms
and protector of the realm.
Your grace.
Wine. my queen.
Thank you. rhaena.
Come.
- What is our standing?
- We have 30 knights.
a hundred crossbowmen.
and 300 men-at-arms.
Dragonstone is relatively
easy to defend.
but as an instrument of conquest.
our army leaves a lot to be desired.
We have sent word to my loyal men
in the city watch.
I'll have some support there.
but I cannot speak to the numbers.
We already have declarations
from celtigar and staunton.
massey. darklyn. bar emmon.
My lady mother was an arryn.
The vale will not turn cloak
against their own kin.
Riverrun was always a close friend
to your father. your grace.
With prince daemon's acquiescence.
I've already sent ravens to lord grover.
Lord grover is fickle and easily swayed.
He will need to be convinced
of the strength of our position
and that we will support him
should it come to war.
I'm going to treat with him myself.
What of storm's end
and winterfell?
There has never
lived a stark who forgot an oath.
And with house stark.
the north will follow.
Lord borros Baratheon will need
to be reminded of his father's promises.
What news from driftmark?
Lord corlys sails for dragonstone.
To declare for his queen.
The velaryon fleet
is in my husband's yoke.
He decides where they sail.
We shall pray for both you
and your husband's support.
Just as we prayed nightly for
the sea snake's return to good health.
There's no port on the narrow sea
would dare to make
an enemy of the velaryon fleet.
And our enemies?
We have no friends among the lannisters.
Tyland has served the hand
too long to turn against him.
And Otto hightower
needs the Lannister fleet.
Without the lannisters.
we are not like to find
- any allies west of the golden tooth.
- No.
The riverlands are essential.
your grace.
Pray forgive my bluntness. your grace.
but talk of men is moot.
Your cause owns a power
that has not been seen in this world
since the days of old valyria.
Dragons.
The Greens have dragons as well.
They have three adults. by my count.
We have syrax. caraxes. and meleys.
Your sons have
vermax. arrax. and tyraxes.
Baela has moondancer.
Daemon. none of our dragons
have been to war.
There are also unclaimed dragons.
Seasmoke still resides on driftmark.
Vermithor and silvenning
dwell on the dragonmont.
still riderless.
Then there are the three wild dragons.
all of whom nest here.
And who is to ride them?
Dragonstone has 13 to their 4.
I also have a score of eggs
incubating in the dragonmont.
Now... we need a place to gather.
a toehold large enough
to house a sizable host.
Here. at harrenhal.
We cut off the west.
surround king's landing
with the dragons.
And we could have every green head
mounted on spikes
before the fucking moon turns.
Your grace...
A ship has been sighted offshore.
alone galleon. flying a banner
of a three-headed green dragon.
Alert the watchtowers. Sight the skies.
I come at the behest
of the dowager queen alicent.
mother of king aegon.
second of his name.
lord and protector
of the seven kingdoms.
I've been directed to deliver
her message only to Princess rhaenyra.
Where is the Princess?
Princess rhaenyra.
I'm queen rhaenyra now.
And you all are traitors to the realm.
King aegon Targaryen.
second of his name...
In his wisdom and desire for peace.
is offering terms.
Acknowledge aegon as king
and swear obeisance
before the iron throne.
In exchange. his grace will confirm
your possession of dragonstone.
It will pass to your trueborn son.
jacaerys. upon your death.
Lucerys will be confirmed
as the legitimate heir to driftmark
and all the lands and holdings
of house velaryon.
Your sons by prince daemon
will also be given places
of high honor at court.
aegon the younger as the king's squire.
viserys as his cupbearer.
Finally. the king. in his good grace.
will pardon any knight or lord
who conspired against his ascent.
I would rather feed my sons
to the dragons
than have them carry shields and cups
for your drunken.
usurper cunt of a king.
Aegon Targaryen sits the iron throne.
He wears the conqueror's crown.
wields the conqueror's sword.
has the conqueror's name.
He was anointed by a septon of the faith
before the eyes of thousands.
Every symbol of legitimacy
belongs to him.
And then there is stark.
Tully. Baratheon.
Houses that have also received.
and are at present.
considering generous terms
from their king.
Stark. Tully. and Baratheon
all swore to me
when king viserys named me his heir.
Stale oaths will not put you
on the iron throne. Princess.
The succession changed the day
your father sired a son.
I only regret that you and he
were the last to see the truth of it.
You are no more hand than aegon is king.
Fucking traitor.
Grand maester.
What the fuck is this?
Queen alicent has not forgotten
the love you once had for each other.
No blood need be spilled.
The realm can carry on in peace.
Queen alicent eagerly
awaits your answer.
She can have her answer now.
stuffed in her father's mouth
along with his withered cock.
Let's end this mummer's farce.
Ser erryk. bring me lord hightower
so I may take the pleasure myself.
King's landing will have
my answer on the morrow.
It's no easy thing
for a man to be a dragonslayer.
But dragons can kill dragons. And have.
The simple truth is this.
we have more dragons than aegon.
Viserys spoke often
of the valyrian histories.
I know them well.
When dragons flew to war...
Everything burned.
I do not wish to rule
over a kingdom of ash and bone.
Are you considering
the hightowers' terms. your grace?
As queen. what is my true duty
to the realm. lord bartimos?
Ensuring peace and unity?
Or that I sit the iron throne.
no matter the cost?
- That's your father talking.
- My father's dead.
And he chose me as his successor...
To defend the realm.
not cast it headlong into war.
Well. the enemy have declared war.
What are you gonna do about it?
Clear the room.
Does the promise of war excite you?
You cannot bend the knee
to the hightowers.
They stole your birthright.
If you could
take the iron throne
without putting Otto hightower's
head on a spike.
- would you?
- Are you not angry?
- I should declare war because I'm angry?
- No.
Because it's your duty
as queen to crush rebellion.
You know my oath
reaches beyond our personal ambitions.
A song of ice and fire.
What?
The coming war against
the darkness in the north.
The conqueror's dream.
Viserys shared it with me
when he named me heir.
My brother... was a slave to his
omens and portents.
Anything to make his feckless reign
appear to have purpose.
Dreams didn't make us kings.
Dragons did.
He never told you...
Did he?
I've had men whipped for falling asleep
on their watch.
You are no man.
You abandoned me...
When I most needed you.
Both our children stolen from us.
I needed you.
Baela and rhaena needed you.
and you abandoned us
for more adventure at sea.
As has always been your way.
I had no other place to turn.
- I lost everything.
- We lost. corlys.
I understand we have a new king.
The stranger casts a long shadow
over this family.
Your brother is also dead.
In his haste to Bury you
and claim your seat.
he stood before the king
and denounced
laenor's sons as illegitimate.
Daemon took his head for it.
Heedless ambition has always been
a velaryon weakness.
You were right. rhaenys.
I reached too far. And for nothing.
Our pursuit of the iron throne...
Is at an end.
We shall declare for no one.
We will retire to high tide
to be content...
With our grandchildren and...
Jace. Luke. and joff
are claimants to the throne.
Those boys'll not be safe
so long as aegon is king.
Rhaenyra was complicit
in our son's death.
That girl destroys
everything she touches.
That "girl"...
Is holding the realm together
at present.
Every man standing
'round the painted table
urges her to plunge the realm into war.
Rhaenyra's the only
one who's demonstrated restraint.
The purpose of war
is to fill graveyards.
my dear lord staunton.
The trick is to put more of their men
in the ground than your own.
Easy words
for a lord who commands
- from the safety of his castle.
- Doesn't make it any less true.
The lord of the tides!
Lord corlys velaryon...
And his wife.
the Princess rhaenys Targaryen.
My lords.
Lord corlys.
It brings much relief to see you hale
and healthy again.
I'm very sorry about your father.
Princess.
He was a good man.
Where is daemon?
There were other concerns which
demanded the prince's attention.
Mmm.
Your declared allies?
- Yes.
- Too few to win a war for the throne.
Well. we would also
hope to have the support
- of houses arryn. Baratheon. and stark.
- Hope...
Is the fool's ally.
Both arryn and Baratheon
share blood with my house.
But all of them swore oaths to me.
As did house hightower...
If I remember.
As did you. lord corlys.
Your father's realm...
Was one of justice and honor.
Our houses are bound by common blood
and common cause.
This hightower treason cannot stand.
You have the full support
of our fleet and house.
Your grace.
You honor me. lord corlys.
Princess rhaenys.
But. as I said to my bannermen.
I made a promise to my father
to hold the realm strong and united.
If war's first stroke is to fall.
it will not be by my hand.
You do not mean to act?
Taking caution
does not mean standing fast.
I wish to know who my allies are
before I send them to war.
The consequence of my...
Near-demise in the stepstones...
Is that we now control them.
I took care to fully Garrison
the territory this time.
A total blockade of the shipping lanes
will be in place in days.
if not already.
The triarchy have been routed.
The narrow sea is ours.
If we further seal the gullet.
we can cut off
all seaborne travel and trade
to king's landing.
I shall take meleys
and patrol the gullet myself.
When we drain the narrow sea.
we can surround king's landing.
lay siege to the red keep.
and force the Greens' surrender.
If we are to have enough swords
to surround king's landing.
we must first secure the support of
winterfell. the eyrie. and storm's end.
I'll prepare the ravens. your grace.
We should bear those messages.
Dragons can fly faster than ravens
and they're more convincing.
Send us.
The prince is right. your grace.
Very well.
Prince jacaerys will fly north.
First to the eyrie to see my mother's
cousin. the lady jeyne arryn.
and then to winterfell
to treat with lord cregan stark
for the support of the north.
Prince lucerys will fly
south to storm's end
and treat with lord borros Baratheon.
We must remind these lords
of the oaths they swore.
And... the cost of breaking them.
It's been said that as targaryens.
we are closer to gods than to men.
And the iron throne
puts us a touch closer. perhaps.
But. if we are to serve
the seven kingdoms...
We must answer to their gods.
If you take this errand.
you go as messengers... not as warriors.
You must take no part in any fighting.
Swear it to me now
under the eyes of the seven.
I swear it.
Thank you.
Cregan stark is...
Closer to your age than to mine.
I would hope. that as men.
you can find some common interest.
Yes. your grace.
Storm's end is a short flight from here.
You have Baratheon blood
from your grandmother. rhaenys.
And...
Lord borros is an eternally proud man.
He will be honored
to host a prince of the realm...
And his dragon.
I expect you will receive
a very warm welcome.
Yes. mother. Your grace.
Go to it then.
I am prince lucerys velaryon.
I bring a message to lord borros
from the queen.
Prince lucerys velaryon.
Son
of Princess rhaenyra Targaryen.
Lord borros...
I brought you a message
from my mother...
The queen.
Yet earlier this day.
I received an envoy from the king.
Which is it?
King or queen?
The house of the dragon
does not seem to know who rules it.
What's your mother's message?
Where's the bloody maester?
"Remind" me of my father's oath?
King aegon at least came with an offer.
my swords and banners
for a marriage pact.
If I do as your mother bids...
Which one of my daughters
will you wed...
My lord... I am not free to marry.
I'm already betrothed.
So you come with empty hands.
Go home. pup.
And tell your mother
that the lord of storm's end
is not some dog that she can whistle up
at need to set against her foes.
I shall take your answer
to the queen. my lord.
Wait...
My lord strong.
Did you really think
that you could just fly about the realm
trying to steal my brother's throne
at no cost?
I will not fight you.
I came as a messenger. not a warrior.
A fight would be little challenge.
I want you to put out your eye.
As payment for mine.
One will serve.
I would not blind you.
Plan to make
a gift of it to my mother.
Then you are craven
as well as a traitor.
- Not here.
- Give me your eye.
or I will take it. bastard!
Not in my hall!
The boy came as an envoy.
I'll not have bloodshed beneath my roof.
Take prince lucerys back to his dragon.
Now.
{933931 -
No. no. no. no. no!
No. vhagar! No!
Serve me. vhagar! No!
Vhagar! No! No.